OK, so the use case that he was talking about is saying that he has multiple customers, ok? And their requirements come in different in terms of what they want to procure and what information they want. Andit comes in through different formats, XL emails, all of that link, right? And everybody has different nomenclatures. It is not consistent when you describe the part. They describe it differently, or it is typed in differently and all of that. He wants to be able to gather all of that information from the different source, put it into a structured aspect, normalize that table, saying that this and this is my meaning the sametemplateize it. And then after the check against my inventory and check against the pricing rules that I have, and then come up with a proposition saying that, ok, this is, this is available, and this is the price and all of that sort of stuff, that workflow, which is cio is supposed to automateHe's been working on it for the last three, 4 months. He's just said, just now, he's given the UAT. He's gone for testing and all of that. And we saw it. And what we wanted is not different exactly from what he is showing us.No, he is the business guy. He is saying that I want to see that information, because that process will take for him, for that intake form to take in, consolidate the information. I think that that cycle turn around time right now is taking him 6 weeks.And it is all, it has multiple manual touch points today, because somebody.because somebody is there. So, and so, if you can automate thatSo that is, that is the scenario. So of course, see, so he has multiple back end systems aware information has to be pulled in. Ok, to validate whether the whether the item is there in the database, what price is there? It is at and all of that sort of stuff. So from a requirement right now, even if you can show that information being collated, passed it into a single document, templatized for it to be validated against that itself is more than enough forthe simplicity. Yes, without the vacuum limitation.No, no. So she has not here. So he is saying that he will introduce us to the cio. But what I have said is that he will listen if we can work a prototype for him, just for the form intake side of it. And templatizing that and showing that it can be doneAnd that is exactly the thing. So today, all of this templatizing in iteration, those guys are doing it on the cloudAnd you are saying that you can do it on Argos, on an offline mode. You can do as many prototypes as many iterations. Still, you get it right, ok,And since there is that low code option, your drag and drop in your business rules check you as a business guy who does not understand technology, can say that, hey, listen, no, I need this checkpoint in here. I need the checkpoint in here with the CIO, or somebody who is technical enough to be able to then say, no, no. This is a little bit of programming is required in here or whatever. They will do that implementation. So if.you can show that first part in loan, that itself is a sale done, then the rest of it is integration, and that is your bread and butter beer business in the packet.And so the two other things that I queried from our conversation yesterday. So I asked him, so I asked him, what AI are using? So that's when he talked about this use case. Then after that, I went to that. He asked me, he mentioned about yesterday. He said, by the way, you are uploading a corporate information, and they have, how is the security mean handling? He says, I have. So I have the enterprise version. So he said, we have the enterprise edition. And I think charging must have handled the enterprise edition. I believe my data was secured. I said, the data might be secured, but the prompts that you're usingthe intelligence in the way you are analyzing that data. That information has been harnessed by changing bt to be able to build its models. Tomorrow, somebody else might query on chargeability. Give me a way to unlock efficiency in due procurement. Also, your recipe of how you are analyzing the data might come up as onto somebody else's answer. So immediately zais went up.ok, because that is, that was the other thing. He said, everybody has charged, you know, who is using it? How much? I have no idea. So,both of them, and that is where this is a stand alone system. Completely isolated. Do it. And Suraj is example, your developer develops on a standalone system. After it is ready, then after we are deployed, this is the ai workbench equivalent of that endostrophic landing.for A, for A, what would be the.what would be the demo flow that you would expect? Information coming in from different sources. So no, tell me from a perspective that I am uploading Excel file. You are uploading an Excel file and a pdf. Pdf, and the information, if they are to table two different table structures, there is a list of items in there. You are consolidating that into a single master. Any duplicates you are eliminating the duplicates or your rationalizing in spite of an item code and all of that, and creating a standard output, which can be then used to query against this backend database, which is the master data, which is the master database right now.Just the rationalization, standardization and output, if you can give that that.